All right welcome back my student in this lecture here I'm going to show you how to add data to our
database to our table inside cars.
Now we know how to search.
We know how to build this.
I'm going to show you another way of actually making a connection with our with Ajax and Jake wari to
our BHB.
And let's go ahead and do this.
First we need a form to add some information to our table.
So let's go to war in the mail right.
This is the forum right here that we're working with right now.
But actually this is not using a form right.
We're going to actually create a form.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to put a day if you would a class roll.
I'm going to wrap this whole thing around.
This is a male Elliman with a classful roll that's just going to separate my content.
The one that I'm going to create right now.
Right right here I'm going to put another day would close a row and I'm going to create a form.
All right.
This form is going to have a name put to imports.
Actually one is ttes.
This is where we're going to have a car name actually you value.
All right on these name matchwood This is how we're going to send information with the name matching
which is how we do it with BHB we're revelent BHB we're going to show you another way of actually doing
this.
That is actually really cool.
But anyway And let's also have a summit.
All right.
Now this form I don't think it looks that great right now.
We come here looks like this.
Make it look a little bit nicer.
We bootstrapped right.
So let's actually create a class and beat and beat and primary two classes.
It's combat again.
And now we can see that the form has changed.
Now it looks nice right.
We're going to change the name of that value added Button right to the car.
All right that's what we're going to be doing in this
lectures at car.
Let's make that a little bit nicer also by putting a class of they see foreign control.
All right but first we need to wrap this around in another diff with a class of form group.
OK.
There we're going to do the same thing for the one in the bottom two.
Right.
So I'm going to copy this one.
This is just to make this input's look good OK.
Well I'm just going to close this one.
Go
organize it and make it look nicer.
Right.
There we go.
These are little bits of the way you see what I'm doing.
All right.
Perfect.
Let's go and check it out.
Enter now this form looks nicer now.
Right.
We can make it smaller also of course we'll just have to we can put a class right here of coal.
That's s cits that's going to make 50 percent of the screen size and are actually
backwards s s s.
And I said it correctly but I wrote to the hallway Antar.
All right.
Perfect.
Right.
So now what we want to do is we run we want a rights and title of our car here for example Lamborghini.
And then when we take our ad is going to actually add it into our database.
All right.
So we're going to be basically doing that fraud which is an acronym for and I'll show you right now
cross means create read update and delete.
Right now here in our database we are selecting.
We are reading information.
So we need to create the update and delete.
And we want to do that we Ageod's and Jake where we I just want to show you how to do that.
All right.
So the next lecture we're going to start creating the code that is going to take all these values from
here and use AJAX to communicate we're a Ph.D. We are table.
All right.
So thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next election is going to be really exciting.
Take care.